Software version numbers vary in length and meaning; however, most version numbers follow a similar format and represent similar information. Version numbers indicate when the software was released, when it was updated, and if any minor changes or patches were made to the software. 

Version numbers can be displayed in several ways. Version numbers can be short or long, depending on the software and the preference of the developer, with 2, 3, or 4 number sets. Each number set is divided by a period. The first release of an application or program might have a 1.0 as the version number to indicate no updates, patches, or fixes to the software. A version still in beta or testing could have a version number lower than 1, such as 0.9. 

A program or application with many releases and updates will have a longer number, sometimes 4 different number sets within the version number Some software developers may use dates for their versioning. For example: Ubuntu Linux version 18.04.2 was released in 2018 April. The third number set, point-2, designates an additional change or update. 

Some version numbers follow the semantic numbering system and have 4 parts separated by a period, but not all numbering systems follow this 4-part example. 

In semantic numbering , the first number indicates major changes to the software, such as a new release. The second number indicates that minor changes were made to the software. The third number in the version number indicates patches or minor bug fixes. Finally, the fourth number indicates a build number or a build date, and it can indicate less significant changes made. 

Lack of compatibility between old and new versions of software is a common problem. You can troubleshoot compatibility issues by viewing the software version to determine if you are using an outdated version of the software. Sometimes updating software to a newer version will resolve compatibility issues. Some software is backwards compatible. If a program or application is backwards compatible, then the older versions of files, programs, and systems will work properly with newer versions.